This is the auction held by Chen Zhu
It's not that celebrities are not allowed to enter
Idle people, etc
Get out of here!
Are you sure you don't want to ask my identity?
Just say I'm idle
I, Feng Bin, am also an adult in Zhengcheng
I said you are an idle person waiting, that is, an idle person waiting
Even if Zhou Xiong is in front of me
He wouldn't dare say that to me either.
Dare to call City Lord Zhou by his name
Mention the name of City Lord Zhou
You have to get on your knees and say it
That's not true.
Zhou Xiong saw me
He should be on his knees and talking respectfully to me
Oh, Lu Wushuang, Lu Wushuang
You've been poor for so many years
Finally went crazy today
How dare you say such a thing?
The auction is about to begin
City Lord Zhou is also coming
Get this psychopath out of here
One word can make this poor ghost disappear